and she said he is playing on plane
because he knows it's his moment to
shine but he's definitely not gonna
throw it away in here tonight even if it
matters to go down to the wire in Vegas
things me man look out fired up he is
he's got that pre-race ritual that
routine he's pumping his chest shaking
his arms because there has never been a
more important qualifying race for Ken
Roczen than this short lcq that we have
here tonight in Salt Lake short race
short start I mean this he's got his
work cut out for him here this man this
could be a real changer in this
championship chase had another Las Vegas
and trouble early on and the heat that
was much longer than this for lap Last
Chance Qualifier you have a problem here
not a lot of time to make up for your
mistake here we go watch what's another
terrible these are the
Last Chance Qualifier Engels is gone and
Roxon has to be one of the top two there
were 22 riders there's only five riders
behind him he's got a long way to go and
a short time to get there but he has to
be patient he cannot afford to go down
but he needs to get positions quickly
again let's go back and take a look at
the replay and what happened here he's
way on the outside well this is what we
talked about by pulling off in the near
AC is gate position was so far out he's
trying to turn but look everyone from
the inside just makes a right Sawyer got
in there rinehart's in there Sawyer's on
that 323 they get into Reinhardt bullies
in there look at chem scrambling just to
get to his bike you see the 23 is down
as well Canada hailey was crazy in there
already up to seventh place for Kid Rock
sir but still got his work cut out for
me get for that transfer position and
Kevin since he's been racing a mush
Energy Supercross he has never known
here tonight remember he was only 20
points ahead at commack coming into the
night this West championship is wide
open it might not be settled to next
week live you have speech from Vegas
Baker leads he's on the 31 yellow flags
waving
those are from the repair
bears rocks it D fitness back
shown right now rocks it up to fit he
made some moves here let's see if they
come across the finish line rocks
endemic in a serene showing third
seven seconds back it's going to make
that ground up but he's riding like he's
never rode before well take a look at
the lap times Engels was out of 52 rocks
it took the 49 while in traffic he's he
is fast enough to get down to the 48
possibly the 47 the only time Roxon is
missed a made with Seattle due to an
injury let's see when he can do here
he's a full straight away behind this
whole rhythm section of the triple
and the lamps are ticking down about a
lot but I have to go white flag is out
is Ken Roczen going to make it to the me
or is his championship going to go today
second st. gap oh man there you see the
one-handed ugly to the far end of what
he's got to do is he tries to catch
Engels Ronson is giving it his all he
said he was gonna save some energy there
is nothing to say now you gotta give it
everything you got I'll tell you what
guys he's fast but he may not be fast
enough he may need a little luck with
only three turns to go in this LCQ where
the championship is going to completely
change then first and second second
get rhaaxans last
here they come working their way to the
checkered flag Baker's right there the
31 ethos is right behind and rocks it
short of it it goes to Vegas
eli tomac is as a long as you can
possibly be in this championship the
West title will not be decided until the
final checkered flag live on speed next
week in Vegas Wow the East title is
alive the West title is alive and Aaron
is with Roxon you guys you can see the
look of upset and disappointment all of
your fades can he you know that you
didn't make it into tonight's main event
and this is going to go all the way down
to Vegas take us through the emotions
you're feeling right now but luck in the
star went down it's okay I'll go to make
is all I can say
guys filled with the motion you can see
the tears dwelling in his eyes now the
question becomes how tight will Tomac
make it does he win tonight or does he
go in still trailing rocks it